
MFCPROPS: Implements Windows 95 Controls Using C, C++, and
MFC
The MFCPROPS sample application implements a property sheet
and slider control in Microsoft(R) Windows(TM) 95. A
property sheet, also known as a tabbed dialog, is a window
that allows the user to view and edit the properties of an
item or an object. For example, a spreadsheet application
can use a property sheet to allow the user to set the font
and border properties of a cell. Property sheets are used
extensively within the new Windows 95 shell to display and
change the properties of shell items and the desktop. The
MFCPROPS sample creates a property sheet using C code, but
uses the Microsoft Foundation Class Library (MFC) for the
main application body.
MFCPROPS is a companion sample for the "Mix and Match C with
C++ and MFC"msdn_mfcchi technical article in the Microsoft
Development Library.
MFCPROPS was built and tested under Windows 95 using
Microsoft Visual C++(TM) version 2.0; however, the common
control dynamic-link library (COMCTL32.DLL) that is included
with Windows 95 will also be supported under Win32s(TM)
running on Windows 3.1 and Windows NT(TM) via
redistributable DLLs (just as the common dialogs were
provided for Windows 3.0). It is important to note that
these new common controls are 32-bit only and will not be
supported for 16-bit Windows environments.
WARNING: The MFCPROPS executable file was built and tested
using the Windows 95 Preliminary Development Kit. The
executable will run only on Windows 95; it will not run
under Windows 3.1 or Windows NT. If you have Windows 95
installed on your machine, but you have problems running
this sample, copy the project files to your system using the
button below, rebuild the project, and run the executable.
KEYWORDS: CD9; CPropertySheet; PropertySheet
