Sprites: Demonstrates Animation in a Windows-based
Application

Sprites is a companion sample application for the
"Animation in Windows" technical article on the
Microsoft(R) Developer Network CD. It demonstrates sprite
(cast-based) animation in a Microsoft Windows(TM)-based
application using device-independent bitmaps (DIBs) for
the images and the DIB driver (DIB.DRV) for the off-screen
image buffer.

The Sprites application uses a DIB for a background scene,
and allows you to load multiple sprites on top of the
background scene. Each sprite has x, y, and z coordinates,
optional x and y velocity, and a flag that indicates
whether it can be dragged by the mouse.

A background and a set of sprites can be combined into a
scene described in a simple INI file. You can load the
entire scene by choosing the Load Scene command from the
File menu.

The application updates the positions of all sprites that
have a non-zero velocity as fast as it can, using a
PeekMessage loop. Sprites that have the selectable
attribute set can be dragged with the mouse. Double-
clicking a sprite brings up a dialog box for setting
sprite attributes.

Sprites was built and tested under Microsoft Windows 3.1
and the Microsoft C/C++ version 7.0 compiler.

KEYWORDS: CD4
