MULTIPAL: Uses Multiple Palettes in a Single Application

MULTIPAL is a companion application for the technical
article, "Palette Awareness." The program supports
multiple palettes by selecting a dominant palette and
prioritizing the other palettes in the background. The
program prioritizes palettes when it handles and sends
palette messages.

MULTIPAL is a multiple document interface (MDI) extension
to the DIBIT sample program that accompanies the "Using
DIBs with Palettes" technical article. MULTIPAL allows you
to display multiple DIBs with multiple palettes and
handles palette messaging from both the system perspective
and the application perspective. The MDI skeleton is taken
from the BLANDMDI program that is included in the
Microsoft(R) Windows(TM) version 3.1 Software Development
Kit (SDK). MULTIPAL achieves device independence by using
palettes at all times, regardless of the type of device
being used.

To see the application in action, open several color-
intensive 8-bit device-independent bitmaps (DIBs) at the
same time and change the active DIB window. To see the
application's interaction with the rest of the system, run
another application that uses palettes (another instance
of MULTIPAL will do).

MULTIPAL was built and tested under Microsoft Windows
version 3.1.

KEYWORDS: PR-CD1; SelectPalette; RealizePalette;
StretchDIBits; DIB


